---
Meeting #11
Date: October 27, 2017
Time: 12:10pm - 1:00
Attendees: Esti, Jack, Elisa
---

What occurred:
- talked about how map fragment should look
- have to make image views zoomable
- talked about back button
- decided which user senarios to present fro D2
- jack is finishing up notifications, list view presents info
- decided who will do what part of D2 documentation
- talked about design patterns (observer and singleton)
