---
Meeting #5
Date: October 5, 2017
Time: 11:40am - 1:00pm
Attendees: Esti, Forest
---


What occured:

  - Amir and Olga were added to git project
  - made buttons no main activity to go to different activiteis while waiting for hamburger menu
  - added activities for Notifications, schedule, map, links, sponsors and request help
  - Forest created objects in rails DB
  - discussed removing code (android/backend) from logs branch


TODO:
  - figure out flow for after filling out help request
  - forest- rewrite CRUD operations to differencaite between admin UI and mobile
  - members to review pull requests
  - fix logs branch after discussing with everyone
