---
Meeting #6
Date: October 9, 2017
Time: 4:15pm - 10:00pm
Attendees: Esti, Forest, Jack, Elisa
---


What occurred:
- company object logo will be a url to an image
- API documentation updated by Forest
- Jack worked on creating objects for the front end
- Elisa finished integration of menu
- Esti paritally finished links activity and tested with device to insure redirect brings into app
- decided against links for backend object, can be static on front end
- reminder, Pull requests will be merged by person who made pull request
- created a meeting todo list
    - ET: smart links ✅
    - EK: Hamberger ✅
    - JM&FA: Backend models and controllers ✅
    - JM: Front end models ✅
    - ET: Sponsors✅ and help request placeholders/ layout
