---
Meeting #15
Date: Nov 9, 2017
Time: 11:40pm - 12:20
Attendees: Esti, Jack, Elisa, Forest
---

What occurred:
- everyone said their current progress
- Forest is working on database schema things
- Esti is still fine tuning the map zoom imageviews
- scheduled next work period
- went over D3 requirements
